welcome to the falcon and the winter
soldier episode 4
crammed you see six years ago after
civil war the wakundans helped remove
the winter soldier trigger words from
bucky's conditioning
allowing him a personal freedom he had
not had for most of his life
so he kind of owes them an explanation
and io gives him eight
hours before they come for zemo who
believes that carly morgan four
cannot be reasoned with and that those
who pursue the use of super soldier
serum
will always have a strain of ideological
supremacy
in them although the key members don't
seem super stoked about their murderous
actions so far
carly had tried to get the dead dr nagel
to help save the life of a grc camp
community leader called donya and the
boys pop over to the refugee camp
to find some clues the internationally
displaced however give them the cold
shoulder
despite knowing who sam is but zemo
proves the age-old method of using
sweets to lure in children but to get to
the details of donya's upcoming funeral
but he keeps the details to himself in
order to remain useful
while sam calls sharon who offers to
monitor some surveillance satellites
over the area
in a bid to find carly and stop the
power broker from turning mad deport
into a war zone she plans to use the
last of the serum to make some more
super soldiers to join her ranks
but first they're going to a funeral jw
catches up with the boys and is
surprised to discover that sam wants to
try
talking to carly alone first to see if
she can be reasoned with
thanks to zemo's lead and captain
america 2
gives him 10 minutes to try things his
way without making a scene
sam can relate to carly's frustration
and outlook
but doesn't believe that a truly better
world can come from killing people
just a different one but the stress of
sitting patiently is kind of getting
under jw's skin
and giving him an itchy trigger finger
causing bucky to realize that he might
be on the slow road to a nervous
breakdown
so sam's peaceful negotiations are ended
early
and carly makes her escape with the
serum only to be headed off by zemo he's
still intent on ridding the world of
super soldiers
and smashes all the serum without
hesitation
but he's knocked out by john walker who
finds one
surviving dose which quietly gives him
an erection
and back at the safe house he's also
throwing ego tantrums
and trying to start fights just in time
for the dora milage
to join the conversation who've come for
zemo and despite a friendly warning
the captain is keen to exercise his
authority over
anyone he can in order to feel in
control
this was a mistake as the highly trained
wakandan elite
beats down the moody boys as well as
bucky and sam
who only step in to make sure no one
gets killed and it's time for a
privileged check
all around as the ladies remove the
african technology
but the american boys had gotten used to
treating as their own
but this distraction allows zemo to
escape
jw is bummed out at getting a slap down
instead of just
being america number one and talks
himself into taking that dose of super
soldier serum off screen
instead of just having a shave and
taking a moment to
chill so when carly executes a new plan
to lure sam and bucky away for another
face-to-face meeting
thanks to a threatening phone call to
sam's sister it means that the rest of
her flag smashers can kidnap lamar
and make good on their attempts to kill
the new captain america
thankfully sharon carter phones in
everyone's location from the satellite
tracking
and this leads to a royal rumble where
bucky and sam use their various skills
to give a little payback to the crew
that threw them off of moving trucks
whilst the now dosed up captain america
has clearly become more than they were
planning to chew on
helping to bring the fight right back to
the flag smashers
however they focus in on their one
target and
carly jumps in for the killing blow but
lemar had escaped his bonds
and leaps in for a save that causes
carly
to punch him clean into the next life
stunning everyone
and having killed the wrong man the
revolutionaries make a run for it
but the enraged captain america chases
one of the flag smashes down
and uses the shield to violently execute
the man
as he publicly begged for his life
covering it in blood
and killing his public image
so thanks a lot for watching hit that
subscribe button for a little bit more
and i'll see you next time take care